The Life of Claudio 
The Life of Claudio, you've probably never heard of him, he's from the barrio, He's kind of slow, keeping mental illness on the low, Joined a gang, he's always on the go. 
another teenage tragedy from the south side That poor kid, man he couldn't stand the tide, His father died, the man who was supposed to guide 
Now he's flying so high, he's so high, can't take his pills cuz they'll make him lie. 
His mother is afraid, he treats her like a maid, Abusing and confusing his soul slowly fades. 
Fades away, Fades away, his innocence runs, runs away, runs away. He can't seem to see all of his abilities, the beauty of life and all of its possibilities. 
Mentally insane they say. No one knows that he try's to pray. To be a better son, to someday drop the gun, to be a kid and have fun, have fun, have fun. 
We all wanna be kids again. We miss the days where we could stay up till ten am. 
See the sun rise, now your family dies. One by one, at the hands of a gun, of a gun. 
Girls just wanna have fun. My sister goes outside and sees someone. 
A man in his car she can't see what he's doing, so she keeps walking she keeps on grooving. 
Keeps on moving, gets close, sees his hand shooting, her mind burnt toast. 
Can't say what happened, typical trauma, the memory keeps tapping. 
South Side experiences will catch you lackin. Same won't be the brain, brain won't be the same, mixed messages will leave you insane. 
Just like Claudio, the kid from the barrio, used to play baseball, didn't follow the law, he was so tall so strong, yet so wrong. He started drugs at a young age, pass the bong, He said so long. 
soon as he joined a gang, he signed his life away. He regrets that decision every single day, 
there's no escaping his treacherous date. A date with death, he sets the time to take his final breathe. 
So tragic, in the little time he has left he wreaks so much havoc. Time flies when you're having fun, your time dies when you have a gun. 
Life of the party, man i hope he gets to say sorry. To his mother, to his brothers, the kid with the nice eyes, to all his lovers. 
time flies. Ticks away ticks away it goes by everyday, i never got to say hey. I'm sorry Claudio, your enemies are not your bros. They don't want you to win, they don't want to see you grow. 
This is the end this is the fin. Just a hypothetical, a cautionary tale for many men. 
But we all know a Claudio, a waste of potential. When they die, it'll leave you feeling existential 
I don't want to see more people die. Tired of hearing their mommas cry. 
Death is not as glorious as it seems, pain and strife, we smashing dreams. Why can't we all be on the same team? The same side, of humanity Yet instead he flees, masking it behind being free. 
So free you decide to pay your fee of the price of living, But You don't really know the price of killing. 
The feelings of paranoia you'll feel like you're going crazy, your memories start to become vivid, once you've killed so much your emotions become lazy, only thing you'll be able to feel is livid. 
You cut off your own wings Claudio, I didn't want to have to see you go, I know that deep inside there's a kind soul, But none of us ever got to see you grow. 
I just want the world to know, The Story of the one and only, You guessed it, Claudio 

wool (warm+cool) 
Her hands are always cold, you know that boy he's so bold, 
She doesn't like being told what to do, He's so smart but he's a fool for you. 
She uses him, she's so oh so cruel, His little tears can fill up a pool. 
He's so cold she shaved his wool, She's so used to being used like a tool. 
All villains have a story so let me tell hers. puberty hit her hard so hard like a curse. 
Older men see her and try to play it cool, Even when they know she's barely in high school. 
So Sexualized before she even knows how to drive The world is so cold, she's tired of being alive. 
Her father cut her wings, leaving her with dead dreams Broken hearts, broken wings, she just wants to be treated like a human being. 
Her heart freezes and freezes away. Once you get raped there's really nothing left to say. 
Atleast, that's what she thinks. She thinks, that she's a disgusting freak. She's going crazy, insanity on the brink. 
So tragic, she's done nothing but her life has been full of havoc. Silenced by others, the warm boy can see behind her eyes, behind the lies. He can hear her cries, he still tries to help. She's drowning you know She ain't Michael phelps. It's so hard for her to thrive, she's just tryna stay alive, Just tryna to survive, She's just tryna go on a slow drive, taking her time, she has no time, she's gotta earn a dime, maybe commit a crime, get her fingers dirty with grime. 
Warm Warm boy grew up in a warm house, Used to watch cartoons, the one with the cat and the mouse. 
Supportive parents, he takes it for granted His view of reality is slightly slanted. 
He thinks that everything is nice, He never had to pay the price. 
The price of poverty, Seeing things you shouldn't have to see. 
Never had to fear for his life, never experienced the pain and strife. 
easy life on the north side nice and slow ride, no tide. 
No tide at all, he never had to fall, never had to crawl, supposedly. Trust fund baby, he sees this poor girl going crazy. 
He's so innocent but he has these urges, He goes to church but he doesn't remember the verses. 
Got that ghetto girl on his mind, A beauty like her is a rare find. 
He talks to her about her life, she doesn't tell him the details of pain and strife. He can tell she's been through some hell, he can hear the bells. 
The bells they continue to ring, He can hear the devil she continues to sing. 
Whispers in his ear, What do we have here. 
He can't seem to shed a tear, So used to fear he's like a deer. 
Caught in the headlights, Tired of the fights, tired of the nights, his parents screaming curses at each other. He wants to be a knight and find his lover, a significant other. 
He never had a brother an only child, The loneliness drove him wild, He's a white boy can only do mild. 
She ain't mild, she's a habanero a ghost pepper. Even if it burns she leaves him wanting more like a beggar. 
Warm boy and cool girl go so well together, They'll face the tide go against the bad weather. 
Make each other better, wash their hands and feel the pleasure. Of being clean, no possibility of being a crack fiend. 
This is the end this is the fin, two losers took the win. God blessed them they don't need to sin. No more digging, no more digging out the bin. 
We took the win, I just hope we get to see them again. This is the end this is the fin goodbye my friend. Who knows Maybe we'll see them again 

Cherry blossom 
The Dead Woman's tree is blooming Broken glass glitters in the alley Music plays Can you hear it? The world is full of color Can you see it? 
Petals fall from the tree Why live When you can be free? Why cry When you can fight? 
Love drips from your lips The White Dog licks my face Your hands hold me like clips Is this love? Or is this lust? I don't core. I'll enjoy it for now Ignorance is bliss. 

The Life of Ab 
What is it like to be you? Tell me is it really true? 
That you never had a father? That life is getting a little harder? 
I don't need your sympathy. I'm just trying to express myself kind of lyrically. 
But Let me tell you my story, it might be a little bit boring. 
It all started when I was born, a happy couple, they never knew that they would be so torn. Used to be so in love now they consider each other strangers and foreign. 
So many strong mothers in my family, they go on a slow drive and live a tragedy. Press the car horn beep beep beep. Family starts to die they go sleep sleep sleep. 
Two overdoses, my uncle killed for his people just like Moses. Never gave him a gift until he passed away and then I gave him some roses. 
Roses in the hospital, for my other cousin, we watched that movie Superbad, made me just like mclovin. Kind of weird and I can't grow a beard, living in the south side and I have some fear. 
The Fear of death I don't want to take my final breath. I'm just trying to go on the right path and not the left. But death slowly creeps in coming for my family it doesn't want us to have success. 
Latino men don't typically win, we don't usually get a good job or know how to use a Pen. 
I'm sorry my grandparents can't speak your language, I'm sorry that immigrants were never loved we were just hated. 
called alien and beaner, I know you don't mean those words, but could you be any meaner? 
After all i've done for you why do you hate me? I'm still in love yynth.i.s. country can't you see? This disgusting sickness just won't let me be. 
I'm like a bird i just want to fly away and be free. 
What does it mean to be free? Does it mean to see whatever you want? That your demons will stop the haunt? 
Whats haunting you? The smell of a corpse or the truth? 
The truth that you can be great. Or that your heart is full of hate. 
A waste of potential, Or something extremely special. 
Ima make my momma proud we're gonna go to the next level. Ima get a wife and we're gonna drive each other mental. 
Treat her good and make her some food and get both of us right out of this hood. Make a family and provide for them and chop this wood. 
You know you ought to treat me with respect because someday I'll be the best. Ima take it all I'm not leaving anything for the 
Except for my family, we're gonna be so rich have our own symphony. Hear the instruments sing, we'll have so many nice things. 
Someday someone will write our history, your breathe stank man here's some listerine. 
I'm the king, but i'm slowly breaking, these mfks keep hating. I've been going crazy lately, but i'm gonna keep painting. 
The painting of my life including the pain and strife. II need y'all to know that I wasn't always like this i had to grow. 
And now i gotta go, gotta make my money like money making moe. Just remember to take life slow. Enjoy the process and grow and don't fuck with the wrong hoes 

Truth 
We started talking to each other when were 15, I hoped that I would still talk to you when we were 50. 
In highschool we're reading the great Gatsby. A man who saw Daisy as his fantasy. Can't you see? Their love for each other drove them crazy. 
Could never be together, Yet they longed for forever, They lived a tragedy. 
Can't you see? We're perfect for each other it's driving me crazy My memory's getting kind of hazy, but I'll never forget you And I love you, I just needed you to know the truth. 
that I'll never really let you go. I know that at times I can act slow. But know this. I'm not ignorant, but you're my bliss. Your lips are so sweet wont you give me a kiss. 
Won't you give me a kiss. 
Won't you give me a kiss. This is too good to last, are youth is passing us fast. But before we grow old, I need you, I just need you to know. To know the truth, that I'm in love with you. 
Life passes by, I continue to lie, You continue to cry. We fly away from each other, you'll always be my first lover. I'll never forget you, I just needed you to know the truth. 
Teenage love is a fantasy, we had to wake up to reality. Can't you see? I'm not the one I'm lazy. My memory's getting kind of hazy, but I'll never forget you, I just needed you to know I just really needed you to know, the truth. 
